feat: new channel explanation in main concepts (#344)
Substra/substra-documentation: docs/source/documentation/concepts.rst

.. TODO:: Explain what is substra tools

Substra channels
----------------

A channel is a group of Substra `organizations <https://docs.substra.org/en/stable/additional/glossary.html#term-Organization>`_ which operates on a common set of assets.

Having multiple channels is needed if you want to have multiple independent projects on the same network. 

In the scheme below, we represent a Substra network with two channels:

- Channel A with the three organizations
- Channel B with only two organizations (A and B)

.. image:: /static/schemes/channel_schema.png

Users only belong to one channel
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> A user can only belong to one channel. A channel has its own users, its own datasets, compute plans, tasks and functions. A user from another channel has no visibility on this. A user has no visibility on a channel they are not a part of.

Reviewer: It 's a bit unclear to me what "this" is in the second sentence. Does this reflect your intent?

```suggestion
A user can only belong to one channel. A channel has its own users, its own datasets, compute plans, tasks and functions -- all invisible to users from other channels. A user has no visibility on a channel they are not a part of.
```

I'm not sure I understand what the third sentence is trying to say:
 - if it restates the previous sentence, it might be superfluous
 - if it's saying users can't even know about the existence of channels they don't belong to, I think it could be spelled out more explicitely.

> A user can only belong to one channel. A channel has its own users, its own datasets, compute plans, tasks and functions -- all invisible to users from other channels. A user from another channel has no visibility on this. A user has no visibility on a channel they are not a part of.

Reviewer: This is a bit late but you have duplicates of pratically the same sentence here.

> What happens if an organization gets multiple tasks from different channels?

Reviewer: I don't have anything against this title per se, it's fine at describing its contents. However it doesn't fit with the other titles, which aren't sentences.

This is a very minor remark, feel free to keep as-is

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Tasks from different channel will be executed in the order of submission to the organization. First in first out (FIFO).

> If a user from channel A stacked up loads of tasks before a user from channel B, all tasks from channel B will wait channel A tasks to finish. This might be confusing as channel B users have no visibility on channel A tasks status.

Reviewer: minor English suggestions

```suggestion

If a user from channel A stacked up loads of tasks before a user from channel B, all tasks from channel B will wait for channel A tasks to finish. This might be confusing for channel B users, as they have no visibility on channel A tasks status.
```

> If a user from channel A stacked up loads of tasks before a user from channel B, all tasks from channel B will wait channel A tasks to finish. This might be confusing as channel B users have no visibility on channel A tasks status.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a user from channel A stacked up a lot of tasks before a user from channel B, all tasks from channel B will wait channel A tasks to finish. This might be confusing as channel B users have no visibility on channel A tasks status.
```

Nit picking: not sure about the tone of `loads of`

.. TODO:: Explain what is substra tools

Substra channels
----------------

> If your Substra deployment has only one channel then you most likely never knew what a channel really is. A channel is a group of Substra [Organizations](https://docs.substra.org/en/stable/additional/glossary.html#term-Organization) which operate on a common set of assets.

Reviewer 3: link issue 
![image](https://github.com/Substra/substra-documentation/assets/5354301/6b253e90-f963-4316-bfe2-60c7b15f528d)

> If your Substra deployment has only one channel then you most likely never knew what a channel really is. A channel is a group of Substra `organizations <https://docs.substra.org/en/stable/additional/glossary.html#term-Organization>`_ which operates on a common set of assets.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
A channel is a group of Substra `organizations <https://docs.substra.org/en/stable/additional/glossary.html#term-Organization>`_ which operates on a common set of assets.
```
I would remove this sentence

> Having multiple channels is needed if you want to have multiple projects that are independent from each other. If you have a Substra network and need to start another independent FL project then you will have to create another channel.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Having multiple channels is needed if you want to have multiple independent projects on the same network. 
```

> This is why many networks are “mono channel”, since they only have one FL project going on.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```
Same, this sentence does not bring lot of info..

> In the example below you a Substra network with two channels:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
In the scheme below, we represent a Substra network with two channels:
```

- Channel A with the three organization

> - Channel B with only two orgs (A and B).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Channel B with only two organizations (A and B).
```

> .. image:: /documentation/images/channel_schema.png

Reviewer 4: schemes are stored in `static/schemes`

User have only one channel
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> A user can belong to one channel. A channel has its own users, its own datasets, compute plans, tasks and functions. A user from another channel has no visibility on this. This makes sense, someone from another project should not see any info on something he/she is not a part of.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A user can belong to only one channel. A channel has its own users, its own datasets, compute plans, tasks and functions. A user from another channel has no visibility on this. This makes sense as someone from another project should not see any info on something he/she is not a part of.
```

> A user can only belong to one channel. A channel has its own users, its own datasets, compute plans, tasks and functions. A user from another channel has no visibility on this. This makes sense as someone from another project should not see any info on something he/she is not a part of.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
A user can only belong to one channel. A channel has its own users, its own datasets, compute plans, tasks and functions. A user from another channel has no visibility on this. This makes sense as someone from another project should not see any info on something they are not a part of.
```

> A user can only belong to one channel. A channel has its own users, its own datasets, compute plans, tasks and functions. A user from another channel has no visibility on this. This makes sense as someone from another project should not see any info on something he/she is not a part of.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
A user can only belong to one channel. A channel has its own users, its own datasets, compute plans, tasks and functions. A user has no visibility on this a channel he/she is not a part of.
```

What happens if an organization gets multiple tasks from different channels?
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> This is a FIFO (first in first out), if multiple task get sent to an org it will process those in the order it got them. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This is a FIFO (first in first out), if multiple tasks get sent to an org it will process those in the order it got them. 
```

> This is a FIFO (first in first out), if multiple tasks get sent to an org it will process those in the order it got them. 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
This is a FIFO (first in first out): if multiple tasks get sent to an org, it will process those in the order it got them. 
```

> This is a FIFO (first in first out), if multiple tasks get sent to an org it will process those in the order it got them. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Tasks from different channel will be executed in the order of submission to the organization. First in first out (FIFO). 
```

> What is important to note is that if someone from channel A stacked up loads of tasks before you (a user from channel B) tasks will all be in waiting until the previous ones from channel A are done. This might be confusing as you will not see an obvious reason as to why your tasks are not being processed.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
It is important to note that if someone from channel A stacked up loads of tasks before you (a user from channel B), tasks will all be in waiting until all the previous ones from channel A are done. This might be confusing as you will not see an obvious reason as to why your tasks are not being processed.
```

> What is important to note is that if someone from channel A stacked up loads of tasks before you (a user from channel B) tasks will all be in waiting until the previous ones from channel A are done. This might be confusing as you will not see an obvious reason as to why your tasks are not being processed.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If a user from channel A stacked up loads of tasks before a user from channel B, all tasks from channel B will wait channel A tasks to finish. This might be confusing as channel B users have no visibility on channel A tasks status.
```
